[Music]
every day she has to strike an almost
impossible balance dividing her time
between hunting scent marking her
boundaries and nursing her cubs for now
the demands of her young family must
take precedence her Cubs have reached
the stage when they start exploring
[Music]
although even walking hasn't been
completely busted
[Music]
differences between the Cubs are
beginning to appear the three brothers
are caught up in a rough-and-tumble but
their sister Bieber's holds back
[Music]
she is smaller and not as strong as her
brothers and these differences will only
become more apparent as they grow older
you